and initiate sequencing memories are
made of this what is this place
I'm sorry to be the one to tell you this
but you got yourself killed at rst we'd
rebuild the most important assets in the
US military soldiers like yourself
you're the first who we successfully
managed to bring back but improved
enhanced with the technology in your
veins you have an army inside you that
will not only make you stronger you will
heal you instantly porridge
now tell me do you remember anything
where you going I got unfinished
business
find the man who murdered my wife and
killer
that's not good all right sundown
and initiate sequence okay
who is the next target for elimination
these are made of tell me do you
remember anything do I know you guys I
don't think so
they've been manipulating you
what you think is really sometimes ain't
and initiate sequence
[Music]
you control me for
you sure about that
revenge is what makes a man like you
exceptional
thinking about men lately
[Music]
is absolutely fantastic
I feel like I just heard this are they
playing this MVP
you